Solving the path planning problem through discrete planning,
otherwise known as combinatorial planning,
can be broken down into three distinct steps.
The first is to develop a convenient continuous representation.
This can be done by representing the problem space as the configuration space.
The configuration space, also known as
a C Space is an alternate way of representing the problem space.
The C Space takes into account the geometry of
the robot and makes it easier to apply discrete search algorithms.
Next, the configuration space must be discretized
into a representation that is more easily manipulated by algorithms.
The discretized space is represented by a graph.
Finally, a search algorithm can be applied to the graph
to find the best path from the start node to the goal node.
For each of these steps there are a variety of methods that
can be applied to accomplish the desired outcomes,
each with their own advantages and disadvantages.
The remainder of this lesson we will study these various approaches.